what the is gm
you might make the same mistake again
or you might make a worse one
[Music]
oliver suspects sting poisoned winnie
and asks for help from charles and mabel
to prove that he is guilty of both
winnie's poisoning and tim cono's murder
i think there's a very strong chance
following the meeting with cinda canning
the host of their favorite podcast all
is not okay in oklahoma really you're
the reason i care about murder and
you're the reason we all met they
present sting with the turkey and asks
him about tim cono who is revealed to be
sting's former employee
we heard you knew tim cono was he sting
admits that tim lost him a large amount
of money and so he fired him he felt
guilty when he heard that tim committed
suicide he is relieved when the trio
tells him someone murdered tim cono
charles goes on a date with jan the
bassoonist it turns out to be a disaster
but i'm not keeping any big secret or
anything like that it's just however she
agrees to a second date when charles
opens up to her about his past
relationship and how it ended i hate
traveling but i didn't tell my ex that
mabel finds a link between the jewelry
she discovered in tim's apartment
oliver's son will reveals to him that he
remembers mabel from their childhood in
the arconia and that she and tim were
friends
i mean maybe because she thinks it looks
suspicious especially since the last
time she was here one of the other
friends died she got pushed off the roof
in the end of this episode a few months
later charles oliver and mabel are the
subjects of cinda canning's new podcast
only murderers in the building the
subject of our next investigation only
murderers in the building coming this
fall
until then